PORTAL-1933: Update the Portal helpcenter with the new project stakeholders behavior (#22)
akeneo/portal-helpcenter: content/md/portal/project-managers.md

---
id: manage-project-managers

> title: "How to manage **Project managers**" 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "How to manage projects console **Project managers**" 
```

popular: true
related: get-akeneo-pim-enterprise-archive, remove-enterprise-edition-access
---

# What is a Project Manager?

Project Manager is a role that allows you to give access to the archive, manage clouds instance or get access to the support on a Project.
There are 3 kinds of Project Manager, depending of your company role on the project:

* As **Client Project Manager**, I can view and manage (add/remove) all the accesses on my project.
* As **Main System Integrator Project Manager**, I can view accesses from my company and from the Client company, and manage accesses only from my company.

> * As **Tech Provider Project Manager**, I can view and manage accesses only from my company.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As other **Project Manager**, I can view and manage accesses only from my company.
```
